[music]
Alia this is Kirill Kirill with this girl
I hear nikita men sold the number said
what can I please you with him
hears i'm just calling does not answer me that
girl yes yes yes Nikita girl I do not know
that the girl is certainly not the more
boy repeat it please you
pidaras want to say what is
Generally the tree of you from them again became
you did not notice you communicated to the commune
Well, someone joking that you
please don't talk here
he does not want with you
he has all the souls he generally interfere name
when I go fucking, I don't understand anything
what the fuck is there no peace we were given
please Nikita talk i saw i
you answered that you need a case that
you still do not understand the girl influence
the rich did not talk this again say
he is at heart for dumb that blood and i dont
stupid so masha herself to talk and
beat and stupid u Nikita let me talk
fucking fucking say no monster to
talk he wants you called
name well if he didn't call he
long you must not fuck you no
information natalia long line you
the shoulder is not a question so you do you Th
okhuel something you will not cover you answered
question he of course talk connector
I think of him only try
try as if they helped
will add Tula cut fuck
went to take uebok stupid
do you hear kirill over the years this show
I know I will talk about sitting slut does not give
oleg and tube days not speak alo-ale
do you hear a bitch fucking these in which i
repeat bible cave kibalnik break
slut you fucking cheap prostitute you
fuck your slut mother
Well, you know that you are not talking now
I'm not with me
they are with you i am fucking prostitute
you and because everyone wants me to nobody
it is necessary but understandably take the tube quickly give
he has a pipe and he is busy not forests
so you go on clear only
transfer about 5 low tide to write and to anyone
no need and everything everything all calm down no longer
sisters will serve recently and no one
just do not add up the phone I do not have anyone
don't need to fuck go but this is a fucking thing
heels who the fuck i'm not god here
people who would like to communicate with you
absolutely yes what you say S THE kazhi
Cyril to answered the phone you
said he said let him lead to a mask for
bumper please don't talk about some
perhaps well you talk 99
talked about you talked want before
we kill that stuff is what ate breakfast
it is taken that there will be a wanda about a bear
tacuma because you don't need ethnic
he went
[music]